- [Instructor] The world of Java frameworks
is getting bigger, but one framework aims to buck the trend
in order to deliver applications
that are smaller with less resource needs,
while offering the power
of the Java development language and ecosystem.
Welcome to Quarkus, one of the most exciting frameworks
for building Java-based microservices
and Cloud native components today.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley,
I'm a developer, architect, leader,
student and teacher of Cloud native architectures
and languages that make them possible.
Quarkus is one such technology
that has really sparked my attention
ever since I first laid eyes on it.
So let's get ready for a supersonic journey
through the subatomic framework they call Quarkus.